.TH rxargs "1" Manual
.SH NAME
rxargs
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rxargs
[options] [flags] PATTERN COMMAND
.SH DESCRIPTION
Interpret standard input using PATTERN, then execute COMMAND using the captures of that input.

.TP
\fBPATTERN\fR
a string representing the pattern to parse from stdin

.TP
\fBCOMMAND\fR
a string representing the command to execute using the regex substitution. use \\# or \\g<#> to capture a numbered group, or \\g<name> to capture a named group

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
continue processing stdin even after a command returns a non\-zero exit code

.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-ignore\fR
ignore invalid matches from stdin instead of terminating the program

.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-display\fR
display command result without running it

.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit

.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\-\-whole\fR
process entire stdin instead of individual lines

.SH FLAGS
.TP
\fB\-A\fR, \fB\-\-ascii\fR
make \\w, \\W, \\b, \\B, \\d, \\D, \\s and \\S perform ASCII\-only matching instead of full Unicode matching

.TP
\fB\-I\fR, \fB\-\-ignorecase\fR
perform case\-insensitive matching

.TP
\fB\-L\fR, \fB\-\-locale\fR
make \\w, \\W, \\b, \\B and case\-insensitive matching dependent on the current locale

.TP
\fB\-M\fR, \fB\-\-multiline\fR
when specified, the pattern character '^' matches at the beginning of the string and at the beginning of each line (immediately following each newline); and the pattern character '$' matches at the end of the string and at the end of each line (immediately preceding each newline)

.TP
\fB\-S\fR, \fB\-\-dotall\fR
make the '.' special character match any character at all, including a newline

.SH COMMENTS
.PP
By default, this program will execute a separate command for each line received from STDIN. Use the \-\-whole (\-w) flag to run a single command from the entire input.
.PP
This program exits upon the first command executed with a non-zero exit status. Use the \-\-force (\-f) flag to ignore this behaviour.
.PP
This program will also exit upon the first non-match in stdin. Use the \-\-ignore (\-i) flag to ignore those inputs instead.
.PP 
This program uses python regular expression syntax. See <https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html#regular\-expression\-syntax> for more info.

.SH AUTHORS
.B rxargs
was written by Dan Yeomans <dan@dyeo.net>.
.SH DISTRIBUTION
The latest version of rxargs may be downloaded from
.UR https://www.github.com/dyeo/rxargs
.UE
